* All the initial files were provided by the instructor. It is the same stuff from "understanding the basics" but with a bit more style. Also, the code is not commented.   
* Templating engines added: ejs, pug and express-handlebars.  
* Rendering with pug: [entire page rendered](https://i.imgur.com/l7uYQC9.png) and this is the [terminal with containing elements](https://i.imgur.com/P5WS2FY.png). It is fun and simple to use and I like it. I rendered every page with pug and I also made it so that it uses a layout so that I don't repeat too much code and also made it so that it sets the active class on a link.
* Rendering with handlebars is a bit strange. First, you have to specify to the app to use this engine. It uses plain html in its files but for logic uses {{ }} or {{{ }}}, the second one being to inject certain content from a partial view. Also, in the routes files, in the object passed to the renderer, you have to specify what values will be true or false for handlebars to know if a certain class has to be inserted or if a list is empty or not. This is a bit strange but it takes away logic from the view and puts it into the server. Also, I converted the project into handlebars.
* Rendering with ejs. It doesn't support layouts. Outputing a value in ejs is done by **<%= %>** and for using something like a for loop it is done by **<% %>**. Inside these tags, you can write vanilla js code. For loading layouts, you have to create separate files that contain parts of the html document and after that, in the files that use these parts, use **<%- include("<foldername>/<filename>.ejs") %>**.
* From all the three engines, I like pug the most.